Update readmes to match common design (Symbology category) 1/2 (#491)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: symbology/picture-marker-symbol/README.md

# Picture marker symbol

Use pictures for markers.

![Image of picture marker symbol](PictureMarkerSymbol.png)

## Use case

When marking geoelements on a map, using custom, unique symbols can be helpful for highlighting and differentiating between locations. For example, a tourism office may use pictures of landmarks as symbols on an online map or app, to help prospective visitors to orient themselves more easily around a city.

## How to use the sample

When launched, this sample displays a map with three picture marker symbols. Pan and zoom to explore the map.

## How it works

1. Create a `PictureMarkerSymbol` using the URI to an online or local image.
2. Create a `Graphic` and set its symbol to the `PictureMarkerSymbol`.

## Relevant API

> *   PictureMarkerSymbol

Reviewer: some excess spaces here
```suggestion
* PictureMarkerSymbol
```

## About the data

The picture marker symbols in this sample are all constructed from different types of resources:
 * [Campsite symbol constructed from a URL](http://sampleserver6.arcgisonline.com/arcgis/rest/services/Recreation/FeatureServer/0/images/e82f744ebb069bb35b234b3fea46deae)

>  * Blue pin with a star stored in the resource folder that comes with the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Blue pin with a star and orange pin stored in the resources folder that comes with the application
```

>  * Orange pin created from a file path on disk (which is written to disk when the app starts and cleaned up when the app closes).

Reviewer: can delete this part as we don't do this with Java
